---
layout: page
permalink: /education-and-experience/
title: education & experience
description:
nav: true
nav_order: 1
---
#### experiences
##### Research Assistant @ CUPLV Lab (May 2024 - Present)
As a Research Assistant in the CU Program Languages and Verification Lab (CUPLV Lab), I am part of the innovative LLM SQL Synthesis project, which investigates the accuracy of large language models (LLMs) in SQL query generation. My work involves designing and implementing the validation component to verify the correctness of our custom SQL Abstract Syntax Tree (AST), which was generated by LLMs. Beyond development, I author detailed technical documentation, ensuring that every component is clearly explained for future researchers. This role allowed me to merge theoretical research with practical implementation, contributing to advancements in the fields of programming languages and AI.

##### Teaching Assistant – Introduction to Artificial Intelligence (Aug 2024 - Present)
In my role as a Teaching Assistant for Intro to AI, I guide students through key concepts in artificial intelligence. I spend time answering their questions, breaking down complex ideas, and showing how AI can be applied to real-world problems.

##### Teaching Assistant – Algorithms (Jan 2024 - Aug 2024)
As a Teaching Assistant for Algorithms, I help students understand challenging concepts in data structures and algorithms. During office hours, I work closely with small groups, answering their questions and explaining topics in a way that clicks for them.

##### Software Engineer Intern @ 7d Imaging (Apr 2022 - Feb 2023)
As a SWE Intern at 7D Imaging, I worked on an ultrasound education app that helped users prevent birth complications with only a handheld portable ultrasound scanner. I designed a user-friendly interface that made the app easy to use and led the development of important features like account login, customizable themes, and interactive content. The app was well-received by my client and users alike and is available in the app store. Being part of a small, agile team taught me how to quickly adapt to feedback and deliver high-quality features under tight deadlines.

---
#### The University of Colorado, Boulder (Fall 2022 - Spring 2026)
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science - Major GPA: 4.0

---
#### completed coursework
<div style="display: grid; grid-template-columns: repeat(3, 1fr); gap: 1rem;">
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Data Structures</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Computer Systems</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Software Dev Methods & Tools</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Algorithms</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Intro to Data Science and Stats</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Database Systems</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Design & Analysis of Algorithms</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Fundamentals of HCI</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Principles of Programming Languages</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Intro to Artifical Intelligence</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Intro to Robotics</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Intro to Cyber Security</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Machine Learning</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Object Orientated Analysis and Design</div>
    <div style="padding: 0rem;border-radius: 5px;text-align: left;">Computer Science Capstone</div>
</div> 

---
#### certificates
blank lmao

---